### README.MD

Coding Challenges
These are a few examples of the coding challenges I have built focusing on learning new concepts, while also helping me learn under pressure with a timed goal to get the project done as best I can. On the Spreadsheet.html file I had a set time window of 2 hours to complete it. Since I had a limited amount of time, I was only able to get the main structure of the page done and focus on only a few details. If I had more time I would’ve added the details like putting profile pictures in the black thumbnail section next to the names in the messages part of the website and would have also added some icons to the nav on the left of the website, as well as finding a more suitable logo solution at the top left but those were not the priority so I had to manage time to get most of the site done.
The gradient-colored square (square.html) with the grid, was a challenge for me to do within a 30-minute deadline. This challenge was focused on working with more CSS gradients and learning to work with them in a set 30 minutes.
The project with the circles set in (layers.html) was another 30-minute challenge to focus on how to work with heavy layering as well as using reusable code and adjusting it rather than writing something completely new.
Lastly the project with the progress bars (progress-bars-2.html) was multi part project with 15-minute timers for each section, this project focused on working with limited HTML elements and learning how to target data attributes to get the result wanted while also applying styles with pseudo elements.
